CNV-49587: Document enhanced NNS UI (#88353)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-viewing-network-state-of-node-console.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-viewing-network-state-of-node-console_{context}"]

> = Viewing the network state of a node (NNS) from the web console

Author: @dfitzmau  Yes, it is used in the documentation.

. To access the detailed information about `NodeNetworkState` resource, click the `NodeNetworkState` resource name listed in the *Name* column .

. To expand and view the *Network Details* section for the `NodeNetworkState` resource, click the greater than (*>*) symbol . Alternatively, you can click on each interface type under the *Network interface* column to view the network details.

> == Viewing a graphical representation of the NNS topology

Reviewer: @sbeskin-redhat Can you slap an [anchor ID on this heading](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-titles-and-section-headings) before we merge?

:FeatureName: NNS topology view
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

To make the configuration of the node network in the cluster easier to understand, you can view it in the form of a diagram. The NNS topology diagram displays all node components (network interface controllers, bridges, bonds, and VLANs), their properties and configurations, and connections between the nodes.

To open the topology view of the cluster, do the following:

. In the *Administrator* view of the web console, navigate to *Networking* -> *NodeNetworkState*.
. In the upper-right corner of the page, click the Topology icon.
+
The NNS topology diagram opens. Each group of components represents a single node.
+

> * To display the configuration and propertires of a node, click within the node's border.

Reviewer 2: ![Screenshot From 2025-02-18 13-00-18](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/92ea9fc6-361a-416e-b9a7-4e468875754a)

> * To display the features or the YAML file of a specific component (for example, an interface or a bridge), click the component's icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To display the features or the YAML file of a specific component (for example, an interface or a bridge), click the con of a component.
```
